In order to write our styles we're going to have to head over to styles seahorses.
Same old deal.
We do need to comment.
And of course if you're sick reading these comments cause you don't have to do it but I always find
it more useful especially if I have to share my code.
Now are you for sure.
Which section is ending where and when the other one starts.
So let's write deals.
Let's change this one to deals now.
First things first I would like to work with input group.
Now where is the input group.
Well that is going to be my one element.
So I have my input group and then within the input group I have two things input as well as the button.
So first of all let's target input group.
Let's say that input group is going to have a width of 80 percent of the screen size width that's the
reason why we're using view with values.
That's step number one.
And then why don't we also write a way set up the max width and for the max with I'm going to use 600
pixels.
Okay.
Then why don't we also add maybe a margin.
Now I would like to place it in the center so I'm gonna say margin tab bottom zero and left and right
order.
Now my input in fact is sitting in the center right now.
That's step number one.
Now I also can use flex marks because this particular input group is in fact a parent container right
now because it has two children items.
So we can do something like this.
This play of flex.
OK.
That's awesome start.
And then why don't we target different control.
Remember that was the class for our input and what I would like to do is set up that the form control
or my input is taking all the space and all the necessary space and then submit button while it just
takes as much space as it needs or its content.
Now how we were able to do that.
Let's head over back and let's think about it.
So we have form control so first of all we'd like to target.
We already have the parent container correct.
So we had our input group and now I can use a flex property.
And in this case I'm going to say like this I mean I say you know what input you can grow as much as
you need to.
So that's the reason why we're using one right now.
Now you can also shrink if you need to.
That's the reason why we also set up one here for the shrinking.
And lastly I'm just going to say you're not your base value is just going to be an arrow and that's
it.
There you go.
We right away our input that is stretching all across.
Awesome.
Now.
Well let's target both of them form control as well as our buttons segment.
So let's add a comma dot n sub met.
Okay.
That was our button and first of all why don't we add a little bit of padding so zero point 3 7 5 0
3 M's and zero point seven five our aims left and right.
Okay.
Then why don't we change the font size font size is going to be one hour Iams or both of them then line
height.
I don't know we can do one point five one point five a line height.
Then also why don't we change the font weight font weight is going to be 300 then we also have a letter
spacing.
So let's use letter spacing and for my value I'm gonna use the variable that we already initially created.
So let's override main spacing.
I believe that was the name memorable.
There you go.
That is my main spacing and maybe let's write a background of transparent so both of them are going
to have the transparent background and text could be uppercase so text transform on the case.
And lastly the outline is going to be none.
So as we're going to focus over our elements well we're not going to have this outline.
That as our initial setup.
Now first of all out right away like to point out something that even though for the button notice the
color is in fact black.
Correct.
Or here we have a different some kind of grayish color.
And the reason for that is because as you can see we can start typing and everything works really well.
But for the place holder Well it is not inheriting the color that we set up for the whole body remember
all the way on the top.
What we did we had for the body we had in fact the color as well as the font family.
Now in my case I think that my fam font family is correct but I can see clearly that my color is not.
However if let's say you can clearly also see that your font family is in fact different.
And in this case it's kind of hard to tell.
Usually if you have like let's say something that is really slanted that is very easy.
But in this case I mean it's kind of hard to tell and I'm just I don't want to bother with Google Developer
tools but in general when I opened some properties are not going to be inherited which in my case I
can clearly see that the color is the issue.
Now if you also have let's say different properties which one example could be the font family then
just head over back grab whatever properties you would like and just add it in place order in the moment
you're going to do that.
Notice right away you're going gonna have this color as well as some other things change there as well
meaning different family.
All right.
Now that is done.
OK.
So we have this particular setup.
And lastly I would like to just work with buttons submit OK let's grab the class Beaty and met and we're
going to have a first of all border.
Now what I would like to do is just have one border because currently what happens is I do have this
border here for my input as well as I have for the submit.
And you know what I say that I have the border but in fact that's something that is missing.
So let's have a border and I'm going to go with two pixels solid.
And again we're going to use the primary color.
So let's set this up.
Now we have our primary color and this is what I'm talking about where I have two borders.
I have one for the input as well as one for the button.
And what I would like to do right now is in fact for the button you know what I'm just gonna say more
left none.
So border left and we're going to set this up as none.
So that's where it looks a little bit more presentable kept than cursor is going to be pointer as we're
hovering.
What else what else.
Transition well as we're going to transition over this button as we're going to hover over this button
I would like to change the background to a primary color.
So again we're going to use our main transition.
So that change is happening over time.
So last but not least we have our N submit our surmised.
We're hovering.
We're gonna change the color to a main white main white and background to her primary color.
Var primary color.
And there you go.
As we're hovering we're gonna have this effect.
So there's two things that I would like you'd take away from this video.
So first of all if you'd like to have your input as well as the button Well you're gonna have to have
some kind of parent container which in this case is just one with some kind of div with a class of input
group and then we use the Flex properties where if I set the parent for a display flex I can just clone
troll my input.
All right.
And then whatever styles we're going to apply for both of them.
Now I'm not going to be ex play displayed exactly the same.
All right.
Now lastly for the place holder if you have any issues getting in fact the properties with the values
that you already previously set up make sure that you target the place holder by having colon colon
and then a place holder and then of course you're just setting up whatever values you would like.
All right so that should do it for the hard DLC assess.
So now we have our form our nice looking forum where the input and the submit button in fact are one
element.